Learning Photoshop while at the same time learn to use other tools for design is something I don´t have enough words to express gratitude. Fantastic tutorial :)
I always click the like button before watching any of your tutorials because i know you're very good at this
Excellent tutorial - very helpful. Fast design success - with this tool... :D
is there a way to make a resolution high in photoshop for downloaded images? Btw I love the way you explained.thank you for this tutorial.
Thank you  Marty  for the awesome techniques that you share!
Wait wasn't the photoshop part unnecessary like didn't you use the actual image in the website? Or am I tripping? Anyway great tutorial 💗💗
hey your tutrial wa svery much understanding.and you explaine din an easy way.thank you :)
Fantastic! Helped me out a lot. Thank you
thank you i had been struggling with this for a while
No Doubt  You are a best teacher and your tutorial's interactive animation is well.
I would LOVE to learn how to make the screen in the very beginning that looks like a movie is about to start. :)
Actually I am technically challenged 😂 so  ur step by step minutely teaching help m e a lot to understand each procedure. Thanks and love from a small village girl in India.
#YOUROCK Marty!!! I'll add this to my #TheWebStylist services for clients (and some awesome new promos for my own brands!)
What was the use of Photoshop here when did all the work on the website? Did I miss something?
That's amazing   and you can change the colors before you save it from photoshop to it will be easier .
I apologise my comments was a non sense joke. Writing not always   express as talking does . The thru is that you do a great work with your videos and you have to be a great person to respond dumbest comments. Thanks for sharing your knowledge!
Beautifully & very simply narrated with clear pronunciation the procedures. Plus by using another website easily creating text portrait ! I like it very much my friend Marty.
Sir  Make (Create) the Cinema 4D Interactive Tutorial plz  which is also needs of time.
Thanks Marty  again a great tutorial
Love it!! Thank you soooooo much!!!
Congratulations  very good explanation.
Marty  can you make a tutorial on how to Photoshop a picture into a rockstar red dead redemption style?Your vids are great by the way 👍
We miss your videos  Marty. We thought that you quit making videos. or Youtube is not telling me that your videos are out.
uncle Marty your teaching is very comprehensive  no student will fail your class  bless
Thank you very much!
Tks Marty yr an artist and a great teacher
Love the tutors
LIKE
LIKE
Thanks Marty ! This is great
;)
if i could put 10 like   i will
G ada sub indonesianya? Semoga bisa memahami 
This is really awesome thanks
Thanks bro. Great job bro
Thank you! You are awesome!
This is cool.
👌👍:)
it was amzing tutorial sir thank you very much sir
Superb  as usual !!
So glad!
Never used it.
You didn't miss anything. You're right - it's not a Photoshop tutorial  but since the text portrait was so effective  I wanted to show how to create it via the website.
I created my intro animation by creating images in PS and editing them together with pre-existing film footage using my screen recording software  Camtasia.
Anyway could do a video on that? Pleeeeease
Glad it was helpful!
I wondered this too  but I think cleaning out the background was the point of the Photoshopping.
I was going try this  do you mean the photo he gives is not going to work?
Sir mujhe kya is pure tutorial ka final jpeg image milsakta hai kya on my mail
انت إنسان مذهل ، شكراً ألك
Excellent work
please which format did you save the picture before importing to wordplay?
There is a confusing disconnect in your video. At 1:35 you say you are going to convert the image to a smart object so that you can work on it non destructively  but you then skip to using the word art site without any further work on the image  nor do you save the work already done. Did I miss something?
Sir ek question tha
The image you used wasn't the same image. You altered it somehow to work better with the website. It has a filter on it or something?
Love BLTV from Bangladesh
Can you recreate this with the new version..? Please....
It's... Supper... Nice....Thanks... Morty Sir
why did you used photoshop? no need to use it in the tutorial my friend
which software should i use for this
thanks sir
Fantastic sir
what app do you use? do i need to download it first?
Awesome
Nice vid!
How to make mockup file sir
Web design layout vedio want.or business card design business card design vedio want sir.reply
Super helpful video. Thanks a lot. Saved a lot of time and effort.
Sebagian besar tutorial saya memiliki subtitle (teks terjemahan). Klik ikon "CC" di bagian bawah  kanan video dan kemudian klik "Bahasa Indonesia". Terjemahan tidak sempurna  tetapi banyak dari itu masih bisa dimengerti. Tolong beri tahu semua orang yang ingin belajar atau meningkatkan Photoshop untuk berlangganan Blue Lightning TV. :-)
😉
Hmmm...I've been uploading new tutorials every Sunday evening or Monday morning every week for the past 6 years (even more often before that).
Thank you for your suggestion.  I receive numerous requests every week and I do appreciate them all.  I may eventually do some of them  but I can't promise I'll do any of them. I trust you understand. :-)
Hey
can this be done on cs6
thanks bro
Thank you very much
Awesome
Good video sir....
Your awesome thank u
Bro is wordart.com safe for purchasing their unlimited plan?
This is not high resolution and not editable.
More video ok
Thank you like your video
so nice
i dont pay
nice video
Se agradece!
Every business requires its own unique business card design  so it wouldn't behoove anyone to watch a generic business card design tutorial. Regarding website design  watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-zI7sC0glo
VIDEO looks better!
Go to 1:46 in the video.
Thanks for taking time to answer my stupid question🥴
You can use any version from CS or CC.
I initially did use PS to create a more graphic version of the face  however halfway through  I realized it was unnecessary  so I removed that part. Since  the tutorial was already underway and since the final effect is worth showing  I decided to complete it.
@Blue Lightning TV Photoshop ok  I understand and thanks for the great tutorial
Before you apply the word cloud  use Threshold on the face.
@Blue Lightning TV Photoshop Thanks  that sounds about right.
Once you clicked "Convert to Smart Object"  the photo instantly became a Smart Object. The rest is done on the word cloud website  which I guide you through. At 4:19  I begin to show how you use the photo of the face to create a customized word cloud portrait.
@Blue Lightning TV Photoshop Ok  but don't you need to save it as a JPG or PNG before you go to the word art site?
@luxurycardstore Now I see. You are right. I would say  he doesn't need to " Convert to Smart Object " those two layers  but simply save it as a new image file with white background.
Right. It's not necessary to save it as a jpg or png before going to the word art site.
@Blue Lightning TV Photoshop So how would you find the image if you don't need to save it?
jpg
شكرا اخي!
Thanks for liking!
I think so. Search for reviews.
Yes.
@Blue Lightning TV Photoshop yes it workedthanksu rockcan u do moving through portal manipulation
