90% of the 41 million massages are memes  i promise you
Android is way ahead of ios
Lowkey showing the Pixel 5 but we wouldn't know because the front design would look exactly as the Pixel 4a
Some features that aren't stolen  good old androidI'm looking at you apple
I think I’ll switch to Android
The question is  will my phone get it?
I wish the Google messages would be as convenient as iMessage so that we use it instead of whatsapp
Time for One Ui 3 announcement.
I have come a long way with android  I don't think I'll ever switch to any other OS...even if i am a millionaire...pixel all the way baby
0:11 "Phones are about communication and keeping in touch with loved ones." - Google 2020
Sounds great. I look forward to it's possible release on my phone.
Took 11 iterations but finally they seems to have figured out notifications for chats ✌️ps. the boy is kinda cute 😚
thats great!! waiting for 11
I want android 12 to be fluid on animation and add blurred background on notifications recent app app drawIt would be perfect
I'm waiting for android 11!!
So on Samsung there will be one ui 3Ok freak...
Well that smart home thing would have been great for the squeeze function
Yeah Excellent 🔥
Ansioso para o Android 11 no meu moto g8 Power!
No one gonna talk about how "bubble" look like a perfect replica of Messenger ?
lol I can't get the bubbles to work... help
CALL RECORDING please!!!
Nice! Android auto now work wirelessly with Android 11 🤗💯
i want to stream my game on youtube with internal audio and game audio .. in apple we can do this but not in abdroid
Woow ... 👍ahmad gadget
⁦❤️🤩🤩
you know what'd be great? Allowing 3rd party launchers to be recents providers
Uh oh  a low key show off Pixel 5 there 🤦‍♂️
1:18 Is that a Pixel 5 leak? : o
No chingues. Y a mí aún no me llega el android 10 :(
nice - waiting for the pixel 4a to drop :(
Still no desktop shell and window manager with respective API?
0:49 fenomenal
He's cute
In Android 12 allow two or more  apps to use microfone at the same time and more microfone settings
Can I call android 11 as  "Android R"
Greetings from Minsk Belarus 🇧🇾🇧🇾🇧🇾🇧🇾🇧🇾🇧🇾🇧🇾
where 's the damn Double tap screen on/of????
where 's the damn Double tap screen on/of????
全機種対応にしてください
Technically you could ask assistant to do it with the squeeze. Also I think holding power button does it
and I
I'm waiting for android 10
@Elektroxello My phone updated to android 10 a week ago. I didnt know android phones can do that
I'm already upgraded to the released version of it
Trope coming from the single biggest failure in connecting society 🙄
@Ananya GuptaNonsense. Gmail  google search and the platform you're on: youtube  all come from google.Even if they generate less profit than the likes of Apple  google has succeeded in connecting the world and changed the way we share information.Look at the likes of android and Google's contribution to open-source.
YES
Fuuuuu...
@Orlando Natapradja uP
@Gordon Freeman "gasps" gordon.......you can talk!!!
Exactly
Better use Signal.
What's wrong with WhatsApp?
@Anrijs Christopher The encryption is not open-source  and does it need to be said...? It's Facebook...Closed-source and Facebook are not always bad  but when there is a PERFECT alternative  why the FCK are we kidding ourselves? We need to change platform...
I wish RCS was better implemented. I don't like having to use Facebook Messenger for a specific group  WhatsApp for another just because they use it.Please be more like iMessage.
Just flash a rom ez
Start with 'no'... Then work your way down into the depths of XDA.
Just get pixel experience rom
Just  buy a Pixel  the 4a is only 350$ and trust me it's a decision you won't regret taking...
@Toufic Batache no wireless charging is the deal breaker for me
@Keith Hernandez noob
@YouTube police ok?
@OS WAR'SThe pixel hasn't even launched in India yet  what are you talking about?Obviously  the statement still holds true for anyone able to get the pixel at its original pricing. Imo  it would still be worth it at 400+ dollars.
@OS WAR'SI think their point  is that you should buy phones from a reliable brand  if updates/security are actually important to you.I hope you're not insinuating that android doesn't have other good options. Samsung  Nokia  OnePlus  are good candidates.Edit: News tells me that some Xiaomi  OnePlus  Samsung  realme  Oppo  phones are all getting android 11 today.Google has changed many gears  so that android updates are easier than ever.
@YouTube police lol
Good
Plot twist  he already has an android phone
Jason S hmmm I see.....
Yes
Welcome
Welcome
Ok my dad gave me his s9 since he got a new phone so hello android community. Once and apple person. Now an android person.
Same lolyz I just sold me iPhone 6s Plus and getting meh a51 coming hopefully on Wednesday or Tuesday and this is my second one cause the first one I ordered shattered in the mail and got sent back but at least now I get 6 gigs of ram
Good decision
LMAO all Android features are copied from Apple
@Nuhash Tarafdar low effort bait.
@Nuhash Tarafdar Yeah uh huh "all" are we not gonna talk about iPhones newest update?
@Sir Delta Atleast someone took it
@Nuhash Tarafdar lol nice joke
@Nuhash Tarafdar android didn't steal it from apple community  apple community stole samsung and google innovation like wireless charging and widgets
@Nuhash Tarafdar"Atleast someone took it"Funny how fast your stance changed.And besides  apple has copied features from android from the beginning  without which you wouldn't even be able to change your wallpaper  get notifications  control center  OTA updates (despite apple doing better at updates these days)  typing suggestions  app communication  etc. The list goes on  this doesn't even include features from custom skins.Apple doesn't "do it better". That phrase comes from people who don't use android to begin with.
@Nuhash Tarafdar have you seen iOS 14  where did the widgets  the app drawer and picture in picture come from
Apple is “but better”
@Electron android
It's a budget phone tho... zzz😴😴😴
Pixel 5s
They both have their own pros and cons. Different OS' for different people. If you want security and simplicity then use an IOS device  if you want Variety and freedom get android. Comparing each one is like comparing a rolls to a lambo  different products for different people.
@Kamran Younis android is more simple and secure tbh
@Kamran Younis Agree
@YouTube policeSimplicity and ease of use are subjective.But I would agree somewhat with the security aspect. Security isn't an easily measurable quantity  but android has many advantages:•while apple has a stricter store policy  it is more susceptible to attack.•Worse cloud security on iCloud. Not end-to-end encrypted.•Android's open-source model of security  is easier to patch than apple's closed code.•Although SMS is less secure  everyone uses WhatsApp  which is actually more secure than iMessage. There are plenty of third party options  on both.•Up to date Android phones are harder to crack than ios devices  if an attacker has physical access to it  etc.Android is more secure in many ways. In the end  again  which OS you pick is down to your personal preference.
@aRUnKA ok but to be honest android is more simple and aesthetic
@YouTube police I know like ios is jail wdym I can't install moded apps
Kamran Younis Stop repeating that same old nonsense “iOs Is SiMpLe AnD sEcUre” lol no. My parents use Samsung and I have thought of buying them an iPhone but they are too used to having the back button on the navigation bar. A lot of the apps they use like Truecaller work much better on Android. And knowing that they won’t be trapping into Apple’s walled garden also gives me peace of mind.
aRUnKALack of end-to-end encryption for iCloud backups and iMessages being sent as SMS in some cases makes iPhones significantly less secure out of the box for most users.
@coweggI wrote the same thing —but the comment is bit confusing. I'll edit for clarity.
Hell no
Heck yeah
https://youtu.be/BQJJosrTbSM
Lol
Lol
Battery draining problem 😭. Please fix the issue (Pixel 3A)
Android 11!!!
Android 11 update for Tcl 10 pro ?
0:06 he looks like japanese
Nice i'm geting it
👍
Cries in android 10
Really nice 👌 😍💋 💝💖❤️
Already enjoying it 😎
nothing useful to me. Hope that new aka "junk" features won't slow down my pixel as Google did with nexus :(
:O
hopefully it solves the battery problem  excessive drainage
Why u guys don't put the brightness slider on the bottom instead of the top like the Samsung One UI.🤷🏽‍♂️🤔
Me with still an Android 9
Is it here?
Why didn't come Android 11 Device Pixel 2 XL
Please include a button in quick settings menu to alter device sleep time then and there just by clicking it.
I use oppo f7 I like Android and also I put Android 11
Does it support navigation Gestures on 3rd party launchers??
What about gaming ?
usin Posidon launcher?
@Jiří Král yes  I'm the dev
I'm all in for using Quick Switch on my phone but I can't find a launcher that provides Old Android 8 Recents
@Keith Hernandez bruh why are you guys obsessed with wireless charging  with fast charging it doesn't even feel like you charge your phone  some phones take like 30 minutes to charge. I put my phone on charger when I'm getting ready at morning and it charges to the top before I leave the home.
@- sure but it works best for the way I work. Simple. Why do you care about the way I charge my phone so much?
@Keith Hernandez because you said its a deal breaker  and its yeah wireless but it has to touch something to charge there's no need for wireless charging phones just companies trying to sell you more stuff
@- yeah it's a deal breaker for me. Don't tell me what I need or what I don't. I like my setup a certain way  wireless charging fits that. That's it. End of story.
@Keith Hernandez L
@- good one
@Keith Hernandez L  end of story.
Mine no sadly
Nuhash Tarafdar ong bro😂
YESSSS
https://youtu.be/7C-N2kgV9ak
I going to have a Android 11 or 10
What’s the name of the music?
Cool features!
When will android 11 be out im waiting for it on my samsung a10s Will it be on samsung a10s ??
Make it stable without bug.. don't make it be joker like android 10.. i don't have time for joking around 😉
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
So are bubbles not compatible with Messages? I have everything enabled but can't get it to do anything.
Hello Androidd
lol here early
Pixel 5
round edge rectangle is the future
Miui12 enters the chat
U should be take a look in big screen tab to tv because if u don't do that u know....
Hope heating issue solve😔😔
Make your own tab os  because ipad os is doing great.
Now if they would fix the Google Home app so it stops crashing every other action.
Nice good
NOTHING NEW feature on Android 11 We already have seen hundred times to see message bubbles and it's annoying! and why you make power control page more complex? And why don't open it with SmartThings? I just don't like google home. your IoT platform is weak and inconvinent. just DROP IT
Are you talking about like adding another hour or two before your normal sleep schedule starts?
@Ahmad Haruman not my sleep schedule. I'm talking about Device sleep time!
@Vamshi Krishna Uplanchi like caffeine mode?
Ryt..heating issue..while make video..n photography
He looks chinese
He looks like a person
Still stock android doesn't have Long Screenshot only custom OEM Android like SAMSUNG  OPPO  VIVO  XIAOMI etc.
Nice 36:14 🍌🍌🍌🍌
My Sony phone can't get updates beyond Android 9.
OKAY INDEED ANDROID SYSTEM FEATURES GETS BETTER AND HOPING THAT ICONS TOO ! ICONS ARE VERY IMPORTANT TO MAKE THE PHONE LOOKS MORE GREAT. 💚💚💚💚
10
Nice
The only problem is that the android software support continues for 2 years only :(
Woow woow 😍💋 💝💖❤️
Features are good. Video is totally not helpful.
Where did you move screenshots to?! It's not as simple to see/find now lol I'm sure it will be once it's clear but when you just upgrade and have no idea where that moved to it's a pain when you need to use them frequently.
Please send the touch panel and navigate through screenshots and videos please check the status on the road again and I will send you a very good morning please see that you send the movie and videos please check attached snapshots to be on previously mentioned the touch panel and Europe and sum
Google pay serbia??? 😢😢😢😢😢😢
Altas ganas de comprase un Google Pixel
hUh
Why chats bypass do not disturb? I dont want my boss text me at 12am wtf
just you wait >:( Apple is better! also I came here to see if android had a channel  also known as GOOGLE.. WHY GOOGLE :(
Now After the 11 anyone excited for Android 12 🔥
but even google hangouts do not support bubble..
Fantastic 😍💋 💝💖♥️❤️
Android is one of the worst OS ever created  it's just a spam box and a spy in your pocket  pure trash as we never seen before
What's the alternative? All consumer oriented OS need some kind of smart device integration  IMO.
@Hammy Havoc If they allow the power control page customization  it will be ok. they should allow the turn off feature. Also I want SmartThings and Home Appliance which is most preferred IoT platform adopted in power control page instead of force to using weaker google home or they can make an option to do it.
It not even released
Its here on pixel 2  3 and 4
I think samsung will stop supporting their a 2019 series?
@obama but its a android 9.0 and 10 is my single update and i need 2 so yeah i think it will come
@Towelie 3 years update  you will get android 11
@YouTube police I just wanna know the date (that keeps annoying me)
@Towelie maybe in May Next year?
YouTube bad black use Versions latest to every drives space store galaxy code to it hack my cloud in onedrive it writ in Google play store
Is there a way to upgrade android version. I'm on 8.0 and I want to move a step further
Stupid google
I'm single 😥😥😥😥😥
When the duck my m31 is getting android 11?    TeLLMe....
when is it for nokia :(
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
I like how stock android is coming closer to oxygen OS. Strikes competition.
Bring back options for SMS fallback  and add e2e encryption to Messages.
Android might not be perfect but Android is the most versatile and dynamic system. I really enjoy using Android but there are still room for improvement.
Just compete with iMessage already lol
First
First Comment 😜
How about better call quality and lower prices
The presenter is very handsome
all those features exist already on one UI since almost 3 years . for samsung users there's nothing new in Android 11
Looks like windows mobile...
Thirty comments.
Give away one oneplus phone
U copied Apple
anyone from malaysia? like
if heres gonna be not laggy instagram stories i will buy all google devices
Ask Nokia/HMD. 🤷‍♂️
Stfu
Depends on your device.
@Hammy Havoc I'm on infinix Hot S3
Guys pling in the Midnight
I've never had those issues before. Have you tried clearing the cache? I know if something like that happens you can fix that on Android.
Shut up nobody is thats why I disliked
Stop begging
@Joel Justin then you give me
@Prayas Ray No he wont
@Eetu13 why?
Lol  you're trolling. Ask OnePlus for OnePlus phones  not google or the android team
@Prayas Ray Because thats just how it is!!!
In what way? I think you are misremembering.
Not true. Android 11 brings power settings  notifications  etc.And besides the main improvement with android updates is always performance  security  app optimizations  under the hood.Even if you had oneUI 3 but were running android KitKat  your apps would be much slower  and buggier. Besides  with this newer updates  android phones are becoming much easier to update —notice samsung now promising 3+ years of updates?
@aRUnKA one ui has all these features.  bubble discussion  quick answering etc.  so for example.  for me Android 11 do not bring special features on the s20 ultra.
@Redjai Joseph Not everybody uses a device running One UI. 🤷‍♂️ Not that difficult to understand that features becoming available from every manufacturer is a positive development.
@Hammy Havoc i understand   but in my comment i mentioned Samsung users.
??Call quality depends on your ISP.And prices depend on your device  not the OS. Are you talking about pixels specifically?
Same
@TacoFingerss woah!
No need to compete. Being unique is better.
Messages features competes with iMessage  it's in Android 10
iMessage is not a priority to compete against since it's a US focused issue. The rest of the world uses WhatsApp. Google did release RCS Inn response to RCS  but we don't really use it here in the UK.
It's better to consolidate messaging platforms via bubbles than to introduce yet another half-baked messaging platform or protocol.
ios will never be perfect. That is not the point.
Damn dude you dont have to spam your comments many times
